Rahul is determined to fight for the voice of India and is willing to pay any price, despite being disqualified as an MP.
Aamir Ali stated that Pradeep Sarkar had confidence in him, even when Deepika's team had doubts about him.
The final rites of Pradeep Sarkar were conducted in Mumbai, with the presence of Deepika Padukone and Rani Mukerji.
A group of 14 opposition parties have approached the Supreme Court alleging the misuse of the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) and the Enforcement Directorate (ED), stating that 95% of the cases filed by these agencies are against them.
A man from Goa has been sentenced to 188 months in jail for distributing child sexual abuse material in the United States.
What are the states with the highest number of reported cases of H3N2?
Aly Goni and Asim Riaz have posted pictures of themselves as they make their way to Mecca for Umrah.
According to Watson, Rilee Rossouw has the ability to defeat any bowler on DC's team.
According to a report, Oracle has laid off employees from its Cerner digital health-records segment.
According to Gehlot, Indira was initially disqualified, however, she later went on to secure a massive majority.
The government is disturbed by Rahul's courage to speak his mind and he is facing the consequences for it, according to Singhvi.
Tej Pratap suggests that Rahul Gandhi's removal as an MP was orchestrated as part of a conspiracy.
Kailash Gahlot has announced that the bus queue shelters in New Delhi will be made theft-proof.
The Delhi government has agreed to provide a compensation of Rs. 3 lakhs to a 2-year-old child who lost his vision at birth.
Three individuals have been apprehended for excavating a pit in order to seek refuge beneath a bridge in Mumbai.
According to the Supreme Court, simply being a member of a banned organization is considered a violation of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act (UAPA).
In a case of fraud, the ED has seized the 'Ambience Tower' in Delhi, valued at Rupees 252 crore.
The Gujarat government has not yet sent a proposal for the renaming of Ahmedabad as Karnavati.
After being held in judicial custody in Iran for 403 days, five Indians have now returned home.
